---
layout: post
title:  "Fear"
date:   2023-11-26 17:00:00
unlisted: true
comments: true
---
This is a story of self discovery, freedom of expression, passion and responsibility. Based on real events and characters, it takes shape of an irregular diary, a collection of small independent stories. Featuring BDSM lifestyle, some may consider it to be NSFW, however it is but a day in my life. Certainly 18+ though! So do not proceed if you're not of age or maturity.

Join my [Discord server](https://discord.gg/m2PFpymQb9) for discussion.

[List of stories in this series.]({{ site.url }}/BDSM)

<!--more-->

### Fear

Sometimes I just have a look about me, a mischievous look on my face, as I confidently decide to approach my partner for no damn reason... And she melts, she tries to hide behind a blanket, hoodie, chair, anything. Should there be nothing to hide behind but an empty vr playspace, she crumbles onto the floor, screaming "no" in panic and begging for mercy. And I like that, I like the fear in her eyes. And she loves to feel overpowered - both physically, as well as mentally. I'm a "soft" domme - that means that I like using non-physical ways to overpower others and I like taking care of and nurturing others. After I scare her to death I tend to physically overpower her and trap her in an embrace. Can't escape __my__ affection.

Then there are times when I purposefully stomp on all fours as I rush up the stairs, towards her room. She can hear me coming, she fears what might happen. She starts screaming immediately, often with enough time to run away to her bed and hide under the blanket. And so I... I merely go to the bathroom to pee. With a giggle.

<!--
[Next story]({{ site.url }}/articles/2023-01/Clingy-pet)
-->

&nbsp;

{% include spacer.html %}

{% include image.html
  img="assets/bdsm/blahaj-lq.png"
  title="A drawing of Rhea's pet hiding behind a plush shark."
  caption="A drawing of Rhea's pet hiding behind a plush shark."
  url="https://rhea.dev/assets/bdsm/blahaj.png"
  align="center"
  float="false"
  border="1px"
%}

